SpreeProductsImport
===================

Introduction goes here.

Installation
------------

Add spree_products_import to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'spree_products_import'
```

Bundle your dependencies and run the installation generator:

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rails g spree_products_import:install
```

USAGE
-----

To start the import process go to admin > products menu and select Product Imports. It provides options for two types of csv files:

1. Product CSV: The following fields are supported
   * slug: Non mandatory. One will be generated if not provided. If provided a search will be attempted first to update the product. Else a new product will be created.
   * name: Mandatory
   * price: Mandatory price of product. Will use the default currency.
   * cost_price: Non mandatory. Will use the default currency.
   * available_on: Non mandatory.
   * shipping_category: Non mandatory. If not provided it will attempt to use the category named 'Default'. If default category is unavailable as well it will use the first shipping category available.
   * tax_category: Non mandatory. If not provided it will be set to nil.
   * taxons: Non mandatory. Use '->' to specify the taxon hierarchy i.e. 'Parent -> Child'
   * option_types: Non mandatory
   * description: Non mandatory
   * images: Non mandatory. Provide absolute path to the local file system folder containing the images. currently does not support downloading images.
   
2. Variant CSV: The following fields are supported
   * sku: Non mandatory. will use "" if not provided.
   * slug: Mandatory. Slug of the product. The product must exist to create the variant.
   * cost_price: Non mandatory.
   * cost_currency: Non mandatory.
   * tax_category: Non mandatory. 
   * stock_items_count: Non mandatory. Will be set to 0 if not provided.
   * option_values: Mandatory. All option type for the product should be provided.


Testing
-------

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_products_import/factories'
```

Copyright (c) 2015 [Vinsol], released under the New BSD License
